docs(bpmn-workflows): document event subprocess (#3374)
zeebe-io/zeebe: docs/src/bpmn-workflows/event-subprocesses/event-subprocesses.md

# Event Subprocess

An event subprocess is a subprocess that can be added to any process or subprocess and can be triggered by either a timer or a message start event.

> ![event-subprocess](/bpmn-workflows/event-subprocesses/event-subprocess.png)

Reviewer: IMO: the example BPMN is maybe not the way I would use an event subprocess. The event subprocess is used as compensation to revert the payment after 5 minutes. But what happens if the payment is not collected yet? In BPMN, we would usually use compensation events.

Sometimes, it is easier without a concrete example - just use task "A" and "B". I did this for call activities, multi-instance etc.

> ![event-subprocess](/bpmn-workflows/event-subprocesses/event-subprocess.png)

Reviewer: @MiguelPires , what do you think about the example?

> ![event-subprocess](/bpmn-workflows/event-subprocesses/event-subprocess.png)

Author: I agree it's not the way you should do compensation but it also wasn't trying to be. This example isn't meant to show the user how to implement logic in BPMN. It's meant to exemplify how the event subprocess works and what options (timer, message) it has. In my opinion, it serves that purpose and redoing the gifs and images would be time-consuming without much benefit. That's just my opinion though

A start event's subscription or timer is created when the scope containing the event subprocess is activated and removed when the same scope is terminated or completed. Event subprocesses can be thought of as (sub)process level boundary events that are inside of the (sub)process scope instead of being attached to it. Like boundary events, they can be configured as *interrupting* or *non-interrupting*. In the case of *interrupting* event subprocesses, when the start event occurs, all active execution paths (including other non-interrupting event subprocesses) are terminated. After the other activated execution paths terminate, the triggered event subprocess is activated. 

## Variables

> Even though, at first glance, event subprocesses seem to have similar behaviors to boundary events, it's important to note that boundary events reside *outside* of the scope of the element that they are attached to. This means that they are not aware of the variables pertaining to that element. The ability to access these variables is crucial in compensation use cases and is the motivation for the event subprocess. Since the event subprocess resides inside the scope of the (sub)process, it can access its variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike a boundary event, an event subprocess is inside the scope. So, it can access and modify **all local variables** of its containing scope. This is not possible with a boundary event because a boundary event is outside of the scope.
```
